hello everybody des no b2 here thank you
for joining me once again on another
visual tour let's take an early look at
a couple of the Terminator Genisys
figures that are being released by Hot
Toys and this is pretty excited t800
this is a very very good-looking teen
hundred as shown in the other in the new
Terminator Genisys film here's the thing
yes the movie sucked
but we're kidding a cool T and the last
time that Hot Toys touched terminator
from a current property is what is a
terminator salvation so even though you
hate the movie this is still an iconic
character so this is something that
regardless if you didn't enjoy the movie
not adding the t800 to your collections
of people and it is slightly modified
from the t800 I mean you can look at the
chest plate it's more of a battle
version 200 than the T tundra that we
are kind of known for I mean that they
were used to from the original
Terminator film it does come with
foreign Arnold I'm not going to get them
III don't
in the you know yeah I don't want an old
man Arnold
it does nothing for me you know the film
really didn't captivate me it was filled
with a lot of plot holes and even though
Arnold did his best to keep them
together
I you know I kind of give it a six point
five out of ten it was an OK film it was
a popcorn science fictional month film
probably that I had it's just there was
just a lot of empty holes in the film
that the writers felt the attention and
ultimately I think this particular
figure is going to suffer because we as
collectors we like to buy figures that
we are you know passionate about
especially from the movie especially you
know if you really loved the Terminator
which I do you're better off getting the
the earlier versions everybody got hot
doors I don't see anything special in
its kind as costume isn't special you
don't even get the the arm robotic arm
let me know what you think like
subscribe leave your comments below
thanks for watching